welcome everyone to this 3dnews.ru
and today we tell you about
inexpensive 4k monitor jesus baby 287
Kiev 4k means that twenty eight
inch screen monitor can
boast a resolution of 3840 x 2160
points inexpensive means it costs
less than 30,000 rubles is quite
moderate figure for such monitors
4k grade by 28 inches is a lot of it
more than 150 ppi
which is more typical for tablets than
for monitors as well as this monstrous
small desktop icons
windows
so you can't do without scaling
windows 8 makes it better than windows
7 and all previous versions but still
not in the most convenient way some
programs like old photoshop scare
small icons and do not scale
want to
jesus baby 287 kb
based on the so-called matrices but don't rush
sniff it very contemptuously
good that matrix viewing angles from her
almost the same as the plays of displays
brightness what thing is it 300
Conder per square meter and
contrast reaches 880 to one
color width 98 percent
srgb that for the so-called. matrices again
Not bad
no less important is that in jesus
took care of setting the matrix.
her white is very close to
reference position and color
the temperature is from an ideal six s
half thousand kelvin no more than
200 kemer gamma curves except
blue curve have the correct shape and
are located where necessary and with
color accuracy everything is good in
general miracle
they are tnk
with such good initial conditions
hardware calibration which we
we carry out with the help of the calorimeter x white
And Ivan display held much give simply
could not calibrated monitor a little
loses brightness and contrast but
gamma blue curve finally gets on
its place and accuracy is the transfer
rises to the level of professional
displays
competitors at the monitor one or two and miscalculate
one by one display cases and samsung
based on how much we understand on that
same type of matrix
but competitors don't pay as much
attention and and settings so the picture
jesus is nicer
it justifies it somewhat more
high price in general if you want to be on
the cutting edge of progress and look towards 4k
displays is nothing better than visas to
be 287 kb for a reasonable amount yet
to find